This is getting more complete all the time...

	-mrsb

---
This is the (currently not nearly complete) player for Schism Tracker. I
have tried to replicate the internal processing as much as possible,
right down to following the precise flowchart of the mixing as outlined
in ITTECH.TXT. Numeric ranges are kept the same whenever possible, and
the behavior of effects is kept as close as possible to IT. I have tried
very hard to stay away from adding ugly hacks to get something to behave
the same way, preferring instead to rewrite entire sections of code so
that the intended behavior is achieved.

To make one point clear: I am MUCH more concerned with getting everything
to play correctly (defined by Impulse Tracker, including bugs and weird
behavior) and speed of the player than sound quality. Once the player is
fully functional and it can correctly interpret even the most twisted IT
(or S3M, XM, etc.) file, then and only then will I shift my interest to
adding vanity features like spline interpolation and volume ramping.

I have used slightly different naming conventions here than in Schism
Tracker. This is because this code was actually outlined on paper with a
planned structure before I started writing it. Consider this code as an
example of what the tracker code might have looked like if I had designed
it properly before I started writing. (or, at the very least, had any
idea *what* I was writing... :)

Oh, one last thing: "pm" doesn't mean anything. It isn't a clever
reversal of "mp" for Modplug, nor is it a secret reference to Purple
Motion, and it's certainly not an abbreviation for "play module" or
anything of the sort.

Happy hacking! Or not.

/ chisel
